Update String documentation (#18)
AssemblyScript/docs: standard-library/string.md

### Considerations

> AssemblyScript stores strings encoded as [UTF-16, just like JavaScript](https://mathiasbynens.be/notes/javascript-encoding), where certain Unicode **code points** are represented by two UTF-16 **code units**, so called surrogate pairs. This is done to mimic JavaScript as closely as possible, and in an attempt that calling JavaScript APIs from WebAssembly does not have to convert between encodings constantly. Whether or when future WebAssembly specifications will help in this regard is still [subject to discussion](https://github.com/WebAssembly/webidl-bindings/issues/13).

Author: ```suggestion
AssemblyScript stores strings [the same way JavaScript does](https://mathiasbynens.be/notes/javascript-encoding), i.e. by encoding them using UTF-16. In UTF-16, certain Unicode **code points** are represented by two UTF-16 **code units** called surrogate pairs. However, just like in JavaScript, strings are not sanitized so lone surrogates can appear in a string, which are technically ill-formed UTF-16. This is done to mimic JavaScript as closely as possible, and avoids string re-encoding when calling JavaScript APIs from WebAssembly. Whether future WebAssembly specifications will help in this regard is still [subject to discussion](https://github.com/WebAssembly/webidl-bindings/issues/13).
```
